Add meta descriptions to Lisk Core docs, closes #371 (#393)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring.adoc

= Monitoring
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Monitoring page for Lisk Core describes different strategies how to monitor Lisk Core. It explains log monitoring and performance monitoring with New Relic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Monitoring page for Lisk Core describes different strategies how to monitor Lisk Core. Both log and performance monitoring with New Relic are also explained.
```

With monitoring software, the node operator can filter automatically for certain events and visualize them through a frontend application.
Also, it could be used to send notifications to the operator, in case of an emergency.

> Suitable for this are all kinds of monitoring softwares that support log analysis, for example https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana/[Kibana], https://grafana.com/[Grafana] or https://www.graylog.org/[Graylog].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suitable for this are all kinds of monitoring softwares that support log analysis, for example, https://www.elastic.co/products/kibana/[Kibana], https://grafana.com/[Grafana] or https://www.graylog.org/[Graylog].
```
